Improve PR template to encourage appropriate context in descriptions (#4815)
bevyengine/bevy: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Objective

Describe the objective or issue this PR addresses.

> If you're fixing a specific issue, say "Fixes #X" and the linked issue will automatically be closed when this PR is merged.

Reviewer: Maybe we make this part of it by default thing, like:

```
Fixes: #ISSUE_NUMBER
```

Author: I think that in practice these fixes comments are better handled inline with the objectives / test.

And we also don't have a guarantee that each PR has an associated issue.

Under each bullet point, describe how this change addressed those objectives if it is not obvious.

**Changes that will affect external library users must update RELEASES.md before they will be merged.**

## Context

> Discuss any context that may be needed for a user with only passing acquaintance with this library to understand the changes you've made.

Reviewer: Nit: I think "passing acquaintance" is not as clear and only applies to newcomers (as opposed to people who are experienced in other parts of the library but maybe not this particular area).
```suggestion
Discuss any context that may be needed for a user who is not as familiar with this library to understand the changes you've made.
```

> This may include related issues, previous discussion, or relevant bits of how the library works).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may include related issues, previous discussion, or relevant bits of how the library works.
```

# Objective

Why are you making these changes?
Link any associated issues with "Fixes #X" so they can be automatically closed.

> If this is a complex PR, please add a list of the changes made.

Author: ```suggestion
If this is a complex PR, please add a list of the changes made.

If this is you're new to Bevy, consider checking out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about our development practices :)
```

> If this is a particularly complex PR, please add a clear list of the changes made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this is a complex Pull Request, add a list of the changes made.
```
Highly opinionated feedback:
- Avoid words not adding precise meaning. (“complex” is already subjective, so “particularly complex” may add different meaning to different persons)
- “please” adds to the feeling of welcomeness, but why here especially ? It sounds like it was added mainly because there is an “if”..?
- Avoid abbreviations

Reviewer 2: I don’t mind much the “PR” (Pull Request) abbreviation, but I like when all abbreviations are introduced explicitly at least the first time the reader encounters it. No exceptions anymore, too often I’ve struggled with them 😂.

Reviewer: I don't think the "please" necessarily needs to be removed. I welcome the welcomeness haha

Author: ```suggestion
If this is a complex PR, please add a list of the changes made.
```

> Discuss any background information that may be needed for other reviewers to understand the changes you've made.

Reviewer 2: “Discuss” feels wrong here ? In my opinion the role of the PR author is not to discuss (yet), but to give enough information to start that discussion.

I suggest using “Detail” or “Add” ?

Author: ```suggestion
Provide any background information that may be needed for other reviewers to understand the changes you've made.
```

> Discuss any background information that may be needed for a new contributor to understand the changes you've made.

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't call out "new contributor" as people who understand less

Reviewer 3: I would rather be less explicit, with "other contributors", or "reviewers". context and background is always good, not just for people unfamiliar

> Discuss any background information that may be needed for someone unfamiliar with this area of the code to understand the changes you've made.

Author: ```suggestion
Discuss any background information that may be needed for other reviewers to understand the changes you've made.
```

This may include related issues, previous discussion, or links to documentation.

## Feedback wanted

> 

Reviewer 2: 👍 I like this section, maybe include an advice to use checkbox and not remove previous feedback requests ?
```suggestion
- [x] A requested feedback which has been addressed. Refrain from removing those items from the list to give a better understanding of the evolution of this Pull Request.
- [ ] A feedback not addressed yet.
```

Author: I really like this, but it adds length, so I'll lean against it.

> This section is optional. If there are no particularly tricky or controversial changes, you can delete this section.

Which parts of this PR were you unsure about? Which parts were particularly tricky?

## Migration Guide

> This section is optional. If there are no breaking changes, you can delete this section.

> If this PR is a breaking change, describe how a user might need to migrate their code to support these changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this PR is a breaking change, describe how a user might need to migrate their code to support these changes.
```

# Objective

Why are you making these changes?
Link any associated issues with "Fixes #X" so they can be automatically closed.
If this is a complex PR, please add a list of the changes made.

> If this is you're new to Bevy, consider checking out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about our development practices :)

Author: ```suggestion
If you're new to Bevy, consider checking out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about our development practices :)
```

If you're stuck on part of the changes or want feedback early, open a draft PR and list the items that need to be completed here using a checklist.

## Changelog

> This section is optional. If this was a trivial fix, or has no externally-visible impact, you can delete this section.

- What changed as a result of this PR?
- If applicable, organize changes under "Added", "Changed", or "Fixed" sub-headings
- Stick to one or two sentences. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section
  - If you can't summarize the work, your change may be unreasonably large / unrelated. Consider splitting your PR to make it easier to review and merge!

> 

Reviewer: This is just my opinion, but I don't think `Changelog` is necessarily redundant. It's useful for identifying the key changes to a PR that might be hidden behind a wall of text in the other sections. It's the tl;dr.

Author: My personal feeling is that PR authors can and should do a better job highlighting this in Objective. If we're looking to reduce friction, this is a good place to cut.

Reviewer: Fair enough. But I didn't see a lot of PRs doing that before. Maybe we call it out rather than making an entire section? Like, "Hey if this is a long PR, maybe consider adding a changelog section/list!"

If it's better completely removed, I understand but I'm in favor of at least the reminder haha
